---
layout: "page.njk"
title: "FAQ"
permalink: "/faq.html"
description: "How much will my project cost?"
---
<p><strong>How much will my project cost?</strong></p><p>Every job is different.&nbsp; Depending on size, quantity, and services needed, costs can differ considerably.&nbsp; Our team can provide their professional opinion on ways to scale down your job to reduce costs if necessary. We can also split jobs into multiple phases to make a large job more financially manageable. Give us a call anytime to find out more or fill out our <a href="/contact-us.html">online form</a>!</p><p><strong>What is wrong with my tree?</strong></p><p>Our highly trained experts can examine your problem trees to determine what, if anything, is wrong with your tree.&nbsp; Only with experience and training can someone truly diagnose if your tree is indeed sick.&nbsp; If there is diseases or pest infestation, if your tree is dying, or if it might just need some intensive care, our team can help.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>What forms of payment do you accept?</strong></p><p>Cash, credit cards and checks.</p><p><strong>How soon can my project be completed?</strong></p><p>If you have an emergency situation, give us a call right away and we will do our absolute best to attend to you as soon as possible.&nbsp; For all other jobs, scheduling depends greatly on season and weather. &nbsp;</p><p><strong>Does someone need to be home when the work is being performed?</strong></p><p>While we prefer that a homeowner is present, it is not absolutely necessary.&nbsp; Our workers&nbsp; can perform most jobs without a homeowner on site.</p><p><strong>Are you fully licensed and insured?</strong></p><p>Yes, you can read more about our licensing <a href="/licensed-and-insured-tree-service-company-nj.html">here</a>.</p><p><strong>What types of safety precautions does your team take?</strong></p><p>Tree care and removal can be a dangerous job and we take safety seriously.&nbsp; This is why we train our team to always use the highest level of safety precautions and proper use and handling of all our equipment. No matter what the size of the job, safety is our top priority.</p><p><strong>Do you remove all aspects of a tree that has been cut down?</strong></p><p>Yes! We provide stump grinding and also wood chipping or splitting if you would like.&nbsp; As long as the tree is healthy and hasn&#8217;t been treated with anything toxic, wood chips are great for your gardens.&nbsp; Make sure you tell our professional that you would like this service when you call to schedule your job!</p>
